a CL pay here with you guys it's alien
contact you Lionel Anderson I am just
absolutely disgusted with what I just
saw I'm here live at the Billboard 2015
awards and they kicked the friggin show
off what Taylor Swift Illuminati who are
one with their new music video so this
is a official Illuminati review to her
new bad blood music video this is just
absolutely disgusting just what you
think I've seen it all from Taylor Swift
she comes out and she gives this music
video promoting violence promoting war
to vote promoting the NWO the new rule
order Illuminati agenda this is
subliminal brainwashing you to get you
prepared for what's to come ww3 world
war three wake up people do you see what
just happened in that video they are
killing people they're getting ready for
war they got rocket launchers not to
mention they're also pushing the
transhuman agenda if you don't know what
transhumanism is they're trying to merge
humans with robots you see you got
freaking robots everywhere in there and
if you give your research that is all
part of the new ruled order agenda a
plan and it's actually happening is not
a conspiracy and then what do we have it
then we see a city blowing up while
they're walking out from that city with
weapons now this is just very
frightening it's like I said the new
world order uses movies and music to
subliminally brainwash people to make
them accept the new world order so now
we're going to have all these little fan
girls and fanboys Taylor Swift loving
the music video little do they know this
is what they're trying to do they're
trying to blow us all up there trying to
kill us all but you're gonna go cheer
for and now let's just talk about the
music what the hell is this crap what an
Illuminati cell oh she sold out for
riches and fame okay you first
taylorsswiftie here she's all country
with their little acoustic guitar now
listen turn
she's got the hip hop going nothing
wrong hip hop except for that's crappy
mainstream garbage hip hop and you got
this papi repetitive course shut up I've
had it that's all I could say about this
it's a crappy song and the music video
is very frightening for its telling for
telling the nwo's agenda for World War 3
the transhumanists and gender and not to
mention if you want talks its symbols
when Aussie of course she's wearing her
a little inverted pyramid earrings and
whatnot so there you go there's your
little Luminati symbolism but just just
the message and they got different stuff
popping up on the screen very vile word
stuff but cutthroat and mother trucker
and stuff like that what kind of
influence she's she's got kids looking
up to her you are just pure evil now
Taylor Swift you sold out to those dirty
reptilians no it'd be surprised if you
are a dirty reptilian that's all I gotta
say I'm Ronald honest if you want to
learn more about the New World Order and
NWO and Illuminati agenda
extraterrestrials everything then join
my facebook group my worldwide
organization the New World Order freedom
fighters NWO freedom fighters the link
is in the description go there join
you'll learn about everything join the
movement become part of the solution now
the part of the problem link is in the
description join on facebook and do it
now and also subscribe to my channel for
I say subscribe to survive because it
don't subscribe how the heck are you
gonna survive cosmic knowledge my
friends teal or sweat I'm watching you
and make sure you subscribe because I'm
covering the rest of the Billboard
Awards with all these little nut eaters